Documentation update to bittide book: introduction (#1142)
bittide/bittide-hardware: docs/sections/introduction.md

# Introduction

> Welcome to the bittide documentation book! Bittide is a inter-chip communication link that allows deterministic communication between chips with no overhead.

Author: Re the explicitly inter-chip vs inter-clock domain: You are completely correct, but I will leave as is. I want to ramp up terminology complexity (and precise wording) as the book goes on, such that we don't bounce too many engineers off the introduction.

The benefits include:

>  - eliminating tail latency

Reviewer: It also reduces packet loss due to high traffic. Both of these stem from the advantage that bittide does not require dynamic routing, but facilitates deterministic communication.

It's just a thought and I'll leave it up to you whether that's relevant or not here

In effect, bittide shifts complexity away from runtime mechanisms and into design-time guarantees. This tradeoff enables large-scale systems that preserve the simplicity and predictability traditionally associated with small, tightly integrated hardware designs.

## Who might be interested in bittide
The bittide system represents a novel approach to inter-chip communication that guarantees determinism. Certain workloads and compute architectures are better suited to take advantage of this property than others.

We believe those engineers are:
 - Hardware engineers who work on **deterministic hardware**
 - Compiler engineers who are interested in optimizing the mapping of computation onto distributed hardware
 - Software engineers who need a fixed latency output for their workload

## The requirements of a bittide system
Any engineering implementation requires tradeoffs. For bittide,
 - a small amount of die space to handle input buffers and clock control
 - some startup time on power up to synchronize clocks before starting workload
 - a compiler that is able to take advantage of a bittide-based system

## Timeline of project

> The bittide project is open-source and is being developed by QBayLogic and Google DeepMind.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bittide project is Apache 2.0 licensed and is being developed by [QBayLogic](https://qbaylogic.com/) and [Google DeepMind](https://deepmind.google/).
```

I mean the latter warrants no introduction, but the first one.. :-)
